Update FiveMinuteIntro: Java 11 requirement (#6830)
broadinstitute/cromwell: docs/tutorials/FiveMinuteIntro.md

### Prerequisites:

* A Unix-based operating system (yes, that includes Mac!)
* A Java 11 runtime environment 

> 	* You can see what you have by running `$ java -version` on a terminal. You're looking for a version that's at least `1.11` or higher.

Author: Actually I'm not at all sure (I'm not a java person), so I'll go with your suggestion!

### Prerequisites:

* A Unix-based operating system (yes, that includes Mac!)
* A Java 11 runtime environment 
	* You can see what you have by running `$ java -version` on a terminal. You're looking for a version that's at least `1.11` or higher.

> 	* If not, consider installing via conda or brew [as explained here](https://github.com/broadinstitute/cromwell/blob/83/docs/Releases.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* If not, consider installing via conda or brew [as explained here](../Releases.md).
	* We recommend [SDKMAN](https://sdkman.io/install) to install the [Temurin](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=11) build of Java
	  * `sdk install java 11.0.z-tem` where `z` is on the link above
```

* A Unix-based operating system (yes, that includes Mac!)
* A Java 11 runtime environment 

>     * You can see what you have by running `$ java -version` on a terminal. You're looking for a version that's at least `1.11` or higher.

Reviewer: Don't think this is true, newer major releases of Java are not well-supported yet. Also, `1.11` should just be `11` as of... [2004 it looks like](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_version_history#Release_table).
